Episode four.
Miki
It was graduation day at Hemsworth College and things were looking good.
My grades were fantastic and I had made some excellent friends and future contacts.
There was some messy business with a girl I had a fling
with, Alice, but my father had helped me to sort that out.
I wouldn’t be seeing her anymore.
And, best of all, that left me single again!
I would be having dinner with Elizabeth tomorrow night at her favourite restaurant.
Then, we’d both see George on Saturday for a final farewell to Hemsworth.
But just as I was making my way to the auditorium for the
graduation rehearsal, I received news of a phone call from home.
I took it in the Headmaster’s study, expecting to hear my father’s voice.
But instead, it was General Topov.
“Your father’s dead,” he said unceremoniously.
“Wh… what?” I stammered.
His emotionless tone of voice had thrown me off guard.
“He was poisoned,” Topov continued, “and you need to return to Ankhazastan immediately.
A driver will be arriving within twenty minutes.
Pack.”
My emotions flooded me… but I pushed them aside.
“The graduation is tonight, Topov.
At least let me stay for that.
In fact, I’m in charge now, aren’t I?
I can stay for the graduation if I want to.”
“Let me remind you that you’re not yet eighteen, Miki,” he replied.
“Until then, I’m in charge of your affairs.
Pack, now.
And you need to start acting like a leader.”
I put the phone down and sat with my head in my hands.
I felt… no great sadness for my father’s passing, but sad that I couldn’t
go to Harvard and the fear of running a country before I was ready.
I would be eighteen in three weeks.
Start acting like a leader, Topov had said.
George and Elizabeth!
Forget packing, I had clothes in Ankhazastan.
I needed to say goodbye to my friends.
I found them together near the auditorium.
“Things have changed.
I won’t be going on to university,” I told them.
They both stared at me in disbelief.
“Today, I received grave news from my homeland, Ankhazastan.
My father has been murdered by a political enemy.
Poisoned.”
They gasped and stared at me.
Elizabeth took my hand and George put his hand on my shoulder.
Their faces showed pity, and Elizabeth… well, I was never any good at reading emotions.
“A car is waiting and I am going to leave Hemsworth immediately.
After the assassination, the situation there is unstable
and I need to be there to get things under control.
They need me.”
“You’re the new President?” George asked, in awe.
“In three weeks’ time, when I turn eighteen,” I said.
“And I promise you this, I will reform Ankhazastan.
Under my leadership, it will become a thriving and peaceful nation.
In time, I will bring democracy and freedom in full measure.
In time, justice and the rule of law will thrive.”
George said, “If anyone can do it, you can, Miki.”
“Sorry, there’s no time for a proper goodbye, but I hope you’ll visit.
Give me time to take charge of the situation and I’ll invite you both to visit in the near future.”
It was a promise that would take five years to keep.